Whether the expert is qualified or not is not up to you
But the president of the Wanbo Chamber of Commerce said it doesn't count.
You, the wife of the Xiao family, have the final say
President Wang, look at this trash
He's here to make trouble.
What we say doesn't count.
This is clearly not in the eyes of the Wanbo Chamber of Commerce
As long as the appearance
You're right.
Dare to make trouble here
Should be severely punished good morning
Break his legs and throw them away
So brave
Dare to make trouble here
The president is here, you are dead
Deceive the king and hurt
disobey orders
It's awesome to court death
Dare to make trouble at the Wanbo Fair
Do you know who is behind it?
It's Tianmen, this time you're dead
No one can save you
Ye Longyuan, you really think of yourself as a character
Beating up the vice president on the turf of the Universal Chamber of Commerce
Come to die
Their battalion beat up the vice president
You can't live if you grab it.
You can still distance yourself from him now
Lin Qianjiao
Do you think everyone is like you?
To give up your lover in order to go all out
Since I have determined forever
No matter the sea of swords and fires, I will never leave him
Wonderful, trust me
I will let the whole world rise and fall at your feet
Just this set
You have nothing but bragging.